# Privacy policy

This Privacy Policy describes how Bill Up collects, uses and discloses information, and what choices you have with respect to the information.

When we refer to “Bill Up”, we mean the Bill Up entity that acts as the controller or processor of your information, as explained in more detail in the “Identifying the Data Controller and Processor” section below.

## Applicability Of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Bill Up’s mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”), Bill Up websites (collectively, the “Websites”) and other interactions (e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with Bill Up. If you do not agree with the terms, do not access or use the Services, Websites or any other aspect of Bill Up’s business.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the Bill Up platform (“Third Party Services”), or any other third party products, services or businesses. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Services (the “Customer Agreement”), including the processing of any messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts (collectively, “Customer Data”). The organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“Customer”) controls their instance of the Services and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Bill Up settings and privacy practices, please contact us via our feedback submission form: https://davehdo.github.io/bill-up/

## Information We Collect And Receive
Bill Up may collect and receive Customer Data and other information and data (“Other Information”) in a variety of ways:
*	Customer Data. Customers or individuals granted access to a Bill Up by a Customer (“Authorized Users”) routinely submit Customer Data to Bill Up when using the Services.
*	Other Information. Bill Up also collects, generates and/or receives Other Information:
1.	Bill Up Messages and Account Information. To create or update a Bill Up account, you or your Customer (e.g., your employer) supply Bill Up with an email address, phone number, password, domain and/or similar account details.
2.	Usage Information.
*	Services Metadata. When an Authorized User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way Authorized Users work. For example, Bill Up logs the people, features, content and links you interact with, the types of files shared and what Third Party Services are used (if any).
*	Log data. As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data.
*	Device information. Bill Up collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
*	Location information. We receive information from you, your Customer and other third-parties that helps us approximate your location. We may, for example, use an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location. Bill Up may also collect location information from devices in accordance with the consent process provided by your device.
3.	Cookie Information. Bill Up uses cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services that help us collect Other Information. The Websites and Services may also include cookies and similar tracking technologies of third parties, which may collect Other Information about you via the Websites and Services and across other websites and online services.
4.	Contact Information. In accordance with the consent process provided by your device, any contact information that an Authorized User chooses to import (such as an address book from a device) is collected when using the Services.
5.	Third Party Data. Bill Up may receive data about organizations, industries, Website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information we collect and might include aggregate level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
6.	Additional Information Provided to Bill Up. We receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, apply for a job, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Bill Up.

Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information (collectively, “Information”). However, certain Information is collected automatically and, if some Information, such as your email address, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services.

## How We Use Information
Customer Data will be used by Bill Up in accordance with Customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. Bill Up is a processor of Customer Data and Customer is the controller. Customer may, for example, use the Services to grant and remove access to Bill Up, assign roles and configure settings, access, modify, export, share and remove Customer Data and otherwise apply its policies to the Services.

Bill Up uses Other Information in furtherance of our legitimate interests in operating our Services, Websites and business. More specifically, Bill Up uses Other Information:
*	To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business. This includes use of Other Information to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities or at an Authorized User’s request.
*	As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation.
*	To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments and questions. If you contact us, we may use your Other Information to respond.
*	To develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features. Bill Up tries to make the Services as useful as possible for Authorized Users. For example, we may improve search functionality by using Other Information to help determine and rank the relevance of content, channels or expertise to an Authorized User, make Services suggestions based on historical use and predictive models, identify organizational trends and insights, to customize a Services experience or create new productivity features and products.
*	To send emails and other communications. We may send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages and other types of communications. We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of them. In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications or other news about Bill Up. These are marketing messages so you can control whether you receive them.
*	To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.

If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Bill Up may use it for any business and/or quality improvement purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data.”

## Data Retention
Bill Up will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. Bill Up may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for Bill Up to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.

## How We Share And Disclose Information
This section describes how Bill Up may share and disclose Information. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information, and Bill Up does not control how they or any other third parties choose to share or disclose Information.

* Customer’s Instructions. Bill Up will solely share and disclose Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Services functionality, and in compliance with applicable law and legal process.
* Displaying the Services. When an Authorized User submits Other Information, it may be displayed to other Authorized Users. For example, an Authorized User’s messages may be displayed publicly within the application.  
*	Collaborating with Others. The Services provide ways for Authorized Users to communicate, such as Bill Up messages and responses. Other Information, may be shared.
*	Customer Access. Owners, administrators, Authorized Users and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify or restrict access to Other Information. 
*	Third Party Service Providers and Partners. We may engage third party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process Other Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services.
*	Third Party Services. Customer may enable or permit Authorized Users to enable Third Party Services. When enabled, Bill Up may share Other Information with Third Party Services. Third Party Services are not owned or controlled by Bill Up and third parties that have been granted access to Other Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection and use. Please check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services or contact the provider for any questions.
*	Corporate Affiliates. Bill Up may share Other Information with its corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
*	During a Change to Bill Up’s Business. If Bill Up engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Bill Up’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e.g. due diligence), some or all Other Information may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
*	Aggregated or De-identified Data. We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Other Information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Other Information with prospects or partners for business or research purposes, such as telling a prospective Bill Up customer the average amount of time spent within the application.
*	To Comply with Laws. If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
*	To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety. To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Bill Up or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues.
*	With Consent. Bill Up may share Other Information with third parties when we have consent to do so.

## Security
Bill Up takes security of data very seriously. Bill Up works hard to protect Other Information you provide from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Other Information we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of the Services,  please contact us via our feedback submission form: https://davehdo.github.io/bill-up/. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Bill Up cannot guarantee that Information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others.

## Age Limitations
To the extent prohibited by applicable law, Bill Up does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 16 years old. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy
Bill Up may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Bill Up will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.

## Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer,  please contact us via our feedback submission form: https://davehdo.github.io/bill-up/

# Identifying The Data Controller And Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the “controller” and “processor” of information. In general, Customer is the controller of Customer Data. In general, Bill Up is the processor of Customer Data and the controller of Other Information. Different Bill Up entities provide the Services in different parts of the world. Bill Up Technologies Limited, an Irish company based in Dublin, Ireland, is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside of the U.S. and Canada. Bill Up Technologies, Inc., a US company based in San Francisco, California is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada.

## Your Rights
Individuals located in certain countries have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information. please contact us via our feedback submission form (https://davehdo.github.io/bill-up/) for additional access and assistance.
To the extent that Bill Up’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, Bill Up relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. Bill Up may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes and you have a right to object to Bill Up’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.

## Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict Bill Up’s use of Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority

## Contacting Bill Up
Please also feel free to contact Bill Up if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Bill Up’s practices, or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights.  Please contact us via our feedback submission form: https://davehdo.github.io/bill-up/
